Course: C867		Name: William Romero		Email: wrome11@wgu.edu		ID: 011139923		Date: 09/11/2024		

This program is for the performance assessment for WGU's C867 course. The goal of the program is to migrate an existing database of student 
information including student IDs, names, email addresses, ages, number of days to complete courses, and the degree program. 


This is done using two classes: Student and Roster. The Student class is used to create student objects, and hold the information
for each student object, as well as provide accessors and mutators for the data. The Roster class is used to create an array of pointers holding
student objects, and provides methods to print, manipulate (using the student classes functions), and access the student objects in the array.

I would like to provide my own thoughts on some of the PA, as there were some things I found were not covered in enough detail in the course material.

The thing I had the most trouble with out of all the course material was the use of pointers, and the functions they served/what they were used for.
I felt like some practical examples that demonstrated the usefulness of pointers would've been helpful to reinforce the concepts in the course material. 
The general concensus I've seen from other students in and outside of WGU is that pointers are something of an unknown quantity, and unless you use them day-to-day,
they're not very well understood and when to use them is basically a guessing game. Speaking with my course instructor and using outside resources helped me to understand 
the function of pointers better than I did, but I still don't feel entirely confident in my capability to use them. Some more material and hands on stuff for pointers would
definitely be helpful to future students, and would have been helpful to me as well.

Another thing that I found a bit hard to grasp was string manipulation. I think it was covered well enough for a baseline understanding, but I definitely feel like more could've
been covered, just to deepen the understanding of it. 

Aside from those two examples, there were a few things, such as the use of the new and delete operators, as well as manipulating and accessing vectors (like vector.begin()), that while covered,
definitely fell short of making me feel like I understood them. 

I know this was meant to be more of an introduction to programming, so I'm overall happy with how everything went, but I figured I'd just provide some feedback on what I felt could 
be done to improve the course for students in the future. 

Thanks for reading, if there's any questions, my email is at the top.

